Model, Fashion Designer, entrepreneur and long-lived style visionary Mirriam Musonda-salati has worked in the fashion & entertainment industries for nearly a decade. She serves as Founder & CEO of U.K.-based Be Gorgeous Styles, an online ecommerce destination that offers an exhaustive selection of fashion and footwear, jewelry, hair products & extensions, health & beauty products, and accessories for both men and women.

The vast line offered by Be Gorgeous Styles includes the likes of: footwear, dresses, boots, dresses & skirts, blouses & shirts, vests, leggings, jackets & coats, earrings, necklaces, watches, rings, eye-liner, eye shadow, mascara, nail polish and lipstick. One-stop shopping, indeed!

Mirriam has also modeled in countless print campaigns, and starred in—and danced—in the music video for MP’s “No Dull Yourself.” In addition, she worked directly with such events as The Miss Zambia U.K. Beauty Pageant, the Cancer Research Charity Fashion Show and Children’s Charity Fashion Show.

Born in Zambia and raised in the U.K., Mirriam earned a Bachelor’s degree (with honors) in Criminology & Psychology from Middlesex University. Outside of her career, Mirriam enjoys poetry (reading and writing), Science & Geo, sports, shopping(!) and travelling. She also continues to study the latest psychological and criminological principles & practices, with the goal of ultimately helping to improve our society through the development of new theories and findings.

She continues to be inspired by her father—who was also a self-starter and a successful businessman throughout his career, ultimately serving as Director & Chairman of Cavendish University and a CEO of KSM Investiment Group Company