#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Implementation
Exclusivity and uniqueness play large roles in the social world. Your appearance, no matter whether you like it or not, makes a huge impact on how people treat you and interact with you. After all, we see before we hear or think, and first impressions truly last.
Studies have shown that, between two candidates with equal work experience and certificates, the more attractive of the two is always the preferred choice. And attractiveness isn’t a trait that relies on good looks, make up or surgeries – the clothes play an important role. Thus, we stumble onto the world of fashion – ephemeral, yet everlasting. As far back as we go, fashion has taken root in culture, yet in the short-term sense, fashion evolves and changes faster than many can keep up.
In its entirety, the world spends nearly $2.6 trillion a year on clothing and textiles – the womenswear industry is expected to pass the mark of $621 billion this year alone. Fashion is, and will always be huge – even if the individual styles will fall out of trend repeatedly.
And fashion is very, very important. A study in the UK and Turkey showed that subtle details in our clothing immediately let people make unconscious snap judgments about us. Our sense of style and neatness (or messiness) will say a lot about us, before we’ve even opened our mouths. Just based on color and a few minor changes in style, the study concluded that out of 300 people, the majority leaned towards one example of a tailored suit in the case of which of the two examples were sported by someone more successful, well-earning and flexible. Intricate qualities such as intelligence, trustworthiness, responsibility, authority and organization were determined by a glance at a person’s attire.
Yet, with how quickly fashion changes, it’s incredibly hard for most people to keep up-to-date – and outdated fashion can be detrimental. So, who’s keeping track?
We are. At Be Gorgeous Styles by Mimmie, you’ll have no trouble finding out that our site features the newest and best in current fashion trends. From men’s, women’s and children’s clothing, footwear, and accessories, to various health and beauty products to perfect your look, you’re bound to fashion your best look with our collection of dresses, shoes, tote bags and much, much more – all online. The internet, after all, is the future – and that rule most definitely the world of contemporary fashion. Be Gorgeous Styles’s e-shop at http://www.begorgeousstylesandbeauty.com/ and http://www.begorgeousclothing.co.uk/ has everything you need in beauty and fashion to ensure you make the most out of your first impressions.